all this combined all these
measures the role of the government of heroes
Stalingrad of course not closed
partner company Spartacus
this game is confrontation
tikhonenko and despite the fact that
foreigners are not here cranberries are all made
grams serious
every time the market is all required on
Russian, however, the soldiers alternate
Russian English is funny
hear them playing teams and
references or comrades khalilov
metal frame for homeland for Stalin
go to
but she also wants graphics too
looks pretty good so when
started something you look support
the developers have tried that
regards tempo this item is game pretty
still piedmont because
can get from napoli
another son can be with one bullet too
incomprehensible against cancer can not sag
you know
making a hit clearly then immediately almost
hit the group or some other
parts of him that he may be
can contact
but sporting
In general, you can change institutions
security
still taken crosshair sight
win
still noticed that the hero is dying
jumped from the second floor a lot in the second
even so low that even from the pharmacy to
two points above the cabin of all the beer
period of his sixty four
person
that is, but so many people
have to really live
crawl
enter statements
crawl slowly
negative to enemies because otherwise
no way
there is some kind of pumping possible that
then hide i have seen some people not
knows what new was available all
just the same they all watch his share
dropped out everything will have a very dangerous
There are no time limits in what creates
reporting system
in the end, what happens every three
minutes
until the truth just ends
we are still quite capable of the authorities
work is still underway
names cost per minute call paths
at the same time it’s your own today
and the form can be understood but there is one
head sticks out falling just won't understand
video timing
work of all
Russian football diplomacy
Moscow street
place on the security of the capital 1 32
so on such areas as a rule for those who
included
come to shoot people believe that
they are enemies
You can still of course tanks besides
there th
instead of
it is simply indecent to her
at the same time, he believes that it is possible
watch
may adopt such a strategy by reported
raise all this beauty
watch can switch to
but transfer to the place of the one who shoots and
shoots
and an interesting moment and all the same
killed who was left alone
tons even sang 50 only the hall of the shooter
will not be able to stand because
which should charge he is dead
landscape such things thought the game is very
realistic and hardcore for this
but nevertheless it is interesting sennikova
these whales can strike well
the lead will dare to go on shaking
poland with why
but also ethical centuries
there were 300 invaders
cubic meters
here you can spend 6 and earlier
there vladivostok culling that moment
fast
although at the same time for such a challenging game
highly
illogical system of shelters looks like this
powerful test subjects
just the power of it
I would certainly if these days are in favor
it will be very difficult
in general, he helped with the shooting
on this button and weapon
on the close stick still clearly affairs almost
all the same effectiveness of the stars
lay on
what are your own cards doing
grab dots
interest done
Suppose 201 Fritz in the zone that is necessary
pay
and if you came there 1
One Russian is not an invader because
in this zone
here it is
there is an alarm steps back remains
finished with software 1
and you will already be ready to capture
finish off
because you are bigger
two will also be two for two who
it is already stalled capture
therefore it is necessary to kill everyone who is
zone that you can either grab
generally run up to the whole crowd
and there we say your three sits Avaz
five is equal to capture points
these are all captured i have luck
back there was cooking off the train grabbed
ran to the next they came back about
captured there r about four points
everytime
Naturally you need to competently team
which do not drown but it becomes difficult
because you can like heroes want this
point and then all the rest of her just
gone from father and everything
and tried in vain
And already in the game is also a lot
diverse ie country
the developers have tried
although it is done Crimea spouse rue
the game was such non-pop but
interesting I think a lot of people in it
will not play but I caught myself
that having gone down her descent though already
saw everything recorded and and
play anyway it means me like that
who consciously liked me
like this pumped food
stage for such a game is not at all in the subject
so still minos noticed in the game
despite the fact that the meter map is good
there are such that but a huge zone south and
meat sight you run doesn't run in
the comedy list is useless anyway
will kill and it is necessary to this with all that
to defend himself was still seen escapades on
tom this time to catch the deceased
Well, so the whole seems to be fine, I think
it can be played quite a lot
like if just like we all
will be in the single player campaign worth
probably will be very cool I certainly know
what missions will there be
will be at least the same as in the first round of tee
and plus this hardcore it will be
very interesting thoughts muddy a little more
of the week
for riders they will also make us look
so far this is all not on solid
eight
nights we see everyone thank you for your attention